John Reinhart: Oh,
John Reinhart: Don't mind me that just comes with age right there I doing, how you doing, Kirk.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: On hanging in there.
John Reinhart: Good, buddy. I appreciate you coming in and just kind of go through these questions with me. I know you got a lot on your plate. When are you scheduled your scheduled next week. Right.
For the dental
John Reinhart: 1111 March. Okay.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: And then the 17th of March. Well,
John Reinhart: Then that's that's for your tongue.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, man, I gotta go down there for, and they want to take my blood pressure.
John Reinhart: Yeah pre op stuff.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, I'm pretty uh
John Reinhart: Yeah, all that major things for the dental work, you're gonna have to have done.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Now as for the tang.
John Reinhart: Tang. Okay. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah. You put me out.
John Reinhart: Yeah, well, yeah, I would think so. Man, I know I'd want to be
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Like a dog and put out so many jobs over my eye.
John Reinhart: Oh really, what happened, your idea.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Oh,
John Reinhart: No, I can't really see my eyesight. It's not that good.
Oh,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: No, I can't even see out of my life.
John Reinhart: Well, that's why we're doing a treatment plan right now. What did they take your eye out. Are you blind and
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I still got it.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I got hit with the softball.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Pretty much woke up and ask them.
John Reinhart: Wow.
John Reinhart: I had, I had the same thing happened in me, but I had glasses on.
John Reinhart: And
John Reinhart: Came in and
John Reinhart: Bam smack me right in the face. I mean it busted the lens. I mean I had like a rink from around my eye from the glasses, but fortunately it didn't mess with my, you know, I was. They didn't hurt my site, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: But yeah, I'm making an iPad right now like I got these trying to make a magnetic, I bet.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, so you have these like diamonds. Diamonds in here right now the screw out and
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I don't mean the patch yet I'm to see if it's gonna work out.
John Reinhart: That's pretty ingenious. When did that happen.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: And it's working on about seven years now. Brian anything
John Reinhart: Well anyhow. Thanks for showing up. We're being recorded right now.
John Reinhart: I'll go ahead and run through these questions and just answer them the best you can and everything and then
John Reinhart: They have the transcriber who will put down the notes and put out a treatment plan for you. And then we'll just go from there. But I appreciate you coming in. So it shouldn't take too long. All right.
John Reinhart: Take your time. This is an assessment session with the Curt Gill and number one question. Kirk is what brings you in treatment and why now.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Hours.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Oh, I was on other pain meds cut me off of them. There's
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: A blast my out and it still kind of hurts.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: They just cut me off of the opioids.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I just needed something else to get me through. Yes.
John Reinhart: What on see kind of transferred over from a previous
John Reinhart: Program that you're in right
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, the clinic and down.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Moving it been taking everybody. She had terminal cancer say he can't even get angel.
John Reinhart: It's, I know it's real tough.
John Reinhart: Okay. Thanks. Tell me your story with substances.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: What about
John Reinhart: Well, I'm kind of your history when you start using
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: chose me
John Reinhart: Well, smoking or whatever. I mean, drank in kind of little when you're first when you were first exposed to.
John Reinhart: No drugs.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: High school students. High School.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Started doing the other stuff. Yeah. I never done heroin or anything math was a big deal.
John Reinhart: Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I need to get off of it.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: So it's been a couple years now since I did it.
John Reinhart: Well, that's fantastic you're able to get off of that. That's
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, it wasn't for me it's just the people around her.
You
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: It just falls in your lap all over the place. It's like
John Reinhart: Well that's why they call this a bio psychosocial because it's biologically, you know, I actually family history, psychologically, you know, some questions there and socially and if you're an environment where that's happening all the time, those things happen real easy to
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Happen and I stay out of I don't even
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I don't, I live in a little small town. There's one little bar down the street and I stay home and I
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I don't like to. I like I don't like being that kind of person.
John Reinhart: Yeah yeah
John Reinhart: That's awesome. You're on the right road what. Ok. The next question is how did it progress. How did it progress, you know, for you getting on opiates and getting with bright heart health was just
John Reinhart: From high school just manifests, how, how did that look to you.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Is high school
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Work and
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: How are you used to meet up
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Earlier than everybody lived on one end or the other. But there's a buddy in the middle, but I'll meet up at lunch time and do your thing and go back to work.
John Reinhart: Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Just start doing it every day just
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Started
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: But I can't but you know I see of go off just
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Can't get I can't get right
John Reinhart: That's what happens. Man, it's kinda like a cultural thing, I think, you know, it's like hey everybody still go over there and, you know, and then you should add this I'm getting tired of this. And then it's like, wow, I need to have this type of thing huh
John Reinhart: Yeah, just just
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Really just getting Jimmy
John Reinhart: Yeah, exactly. That's, I tell you, it seems stronger. We're here for most everybody
John Reinhart: When was it the worst for you.
John Reinhart: Can you pinpoint any kind of time when it was really bad.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I don't know. Well, early never really did it.
John Reinhart: Okay, so
John Reinhart: It wasn't like an everyday type of thing or whatever deal for you, maybe
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Not mad, but, uh,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: No way.
John Reinhart: But smoking pot and all those type of things. It was just part of was that
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: It was just something good.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Girl at school.
John Reinhart: Yes, why a lot of people call that in smoking cigarettes gateway drugs, they just kind of lead on to other things with if you got like an addictive mentality or
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Whatever, but back then it was like, we're trying to get away with. So
John Reinhart: Oh yeah you teenager, man. I remember it's been
John Reinhart: OK.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Now just can
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Go to have it. No.
John Reinhart: Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Can't really go without that, that keeps me pretty sure I've been feeling better. The small actions.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Are pretty cool. I like them and they keep me normal. I feel like I'm normal. That's where I want to be and I can't ever get normal
John Reinhart: Yeah, no, it
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: was nice. I have one number. Great.
John Reinhart: Well, I'm glad to hear that. And that's whole thing is along with that. And the, the treatment plan. The main thing is to get thinking clear, clear and clear it so you can function and stuff, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I've been feeling a lot better. Eating a lot lot better.
John Reinhart: Because steely yet.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Still over five
John Reinhart: Over five. Wow.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, keep
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Us a Barbosa. Can you can't really
John Reinhart: All this to run right now. It's not even seeing run right now.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I go more often. But on the Smith rivers, you know, it's like the last wild River. There's a you can only
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: LIVE, I LIVE about 100 yards from the only had tree on the river.
Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Otherwise you can only keep you can only keep a hatchery if you're lucky to catch
John Reinhart: Tricky YOU BRING YOU LOVE bringing a beautiful fish. And it's, you can't keep
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Keep
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: You
John Reinhart: Know, they're, they're a tussle man.
John Reinhart: Let me ask the next question. This one's for chronic pain.
John Reinhart: What was the prescription. What was the precipitating event. Do you have a chronic pain situation where you're in pain all the time like from an injury or
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, sure. I threw my like company agenda but chief
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: When I got hit with the ball.
John Reinhart: With the ball. So that happened when that softball accident happened, seven years ago.
Yes.
John Reinhart: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: No, I like almost 20 hours of
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Rejection he put it all together is completely destroyed and he spent like
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Four half hours the first night just put it back together.
John Reinhart: Wow.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: And he was able to get me. He was a they took the patch up is our God thing. And I was like, Yeah, a little bit like what really
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Does she do all right on. And then he talked me into doing another surgery, he thought he could get more
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I say, Well, I, I woke up.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: One of the, one of the times when I woke up, I woke up just screaming off the top of my lungs.
John Reinhart: Wall.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: You know, I was on fire. I just completely on fire, but from the inside out.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: ahead with it.
John Reinhart: Oh man, that's, that's that. That hurts. Just thinking about
Yeah.
John Reinhart: So you shouldn't Alicia left it the way it was the first time Kirk.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, yeah. I don't know what he
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Doing he hit something or whatever my home base shattered.
John Reinhart: Wow, did. So you have no vision at all out of that left I now.
Know,
John Reinhart: I'm so sorry.
John Reinhart: Okay, let's move on to another question.
John Reinhart: Growing up, what was your family like
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I will
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Choose your
Bike
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: played football, I played all the sports. I was really good at football.
John Reinhart: So you really, you had a good childhood.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah yeah we live. Yeah, just be my brother.
John Reinhart: Yes, that's a tough time to get
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Back and forth. Yeah.
John Reinhart: By the way, how's how's your, your son. Right. How's he doing
He's
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Doing a rat.
John Reinhart: Yes, he's playing sports.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, we're still doing the sport to and they wonder turn bit but
John Reinhart: Nice.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: The couch didn't plan on all that like 50 seconds have a whole. I don't know why.
John Reinhart: What what
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Really big boy. He's, he's only 14 he's as big as me and I'm like to 65
John Reinhart: Right.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: He just told me he's
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: He's six foot
John Reinhart: Six foot
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Six foot
John Reinhart: What what what what grade is he
John Reinhart: He's a baker.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Oh my goodness. Yeah. Biggest person at school.
John Reinhart: Hopefully he'll be able to grow.
Yeah.
John Reinhart: Yeah, he may be now. You never know. You know, maybe he'll grow some more. But anyhow, that's
John Reinhart: He's only 1414 years old. I know I quit grown as around 14 or fit course. I started smoking back then had some to do with it. Do you have any siblings.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I got older brother works at the prison or her fellow
John Reinhart: Oh, okay. Cool.
John Reinhart: We're your parents together. Well, you said they you know they got divorced when your mom was when you were 10
Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Like my freshman sober.
Pretty good.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah.
Early cross
John Reinhart: Did you, did anyone in your home life struggle with mental health or substance abuse or food issues.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: No.
John Reinhart: Everybody's good as far as that one.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Where mom and dad was an alcoholic, I guess.
John Reinhart: Yo, yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: He died was really ugly.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Right ready grandparents.
John Reinhart: What's that never had grandparents.
John Reinhart: Grandparents, not even on your dad's side.
John Reinhart: Now,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: met his mom but twice, once or twice.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: For like a couple hours.
John Reinhart: Yeah, well,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah.
John Reinhart: You had your bomb. Therefore, you
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Know i got i guess i got family, family, I got a cousin, my cousin Davies, a year younger than I am.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah. And now we
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: We've had a lot of fun together. I just quit hanging out with him.
John Reinhart: Yeah, if it's if it can be lead you down triggers or whatever, you don't need that. But at least you got you got a Anson Anson uncle's around and stuff like that.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: You have an uncle, Dave.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, because of healing has his sister.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Oh, that's pretty much why I'm here, and I bought my dad and other family members that have some family that lives in Bellingham, Washington.
John Reinhart: Again, while Bellingham that's way up north, isn't it, which is
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Pretty cool. Yeah, my uncle Katie just pass the rhythm.
John Reinhart: Sorry to hear that.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: frickin buddy. I went to school with yesterday.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: night before last bird his parents. Wow. The other day here in town Crescent City.
John Reinhart: Well, that's terrific. Man, what, what
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: School teachers, the potter's
John Reinhart: Well that's that's heartbreaking man did he was. He was evidently nothing was
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Super jerky all of his life.
John Reinhart: Yeah. Boy, that's a shame we have something like that. And down here in SoCal to people just aren't able to handle it and get help and stuff when they need it.
John Reinhart: Let me see. Next question. Did you notice any other addictive behaviors.
John Reinhart: Such as gambling work and a lot awareness of sexual material and household
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Definitely stay away from them to see you, that's for sure.
John Reinhart: Stay away from the what
John Reinhart: The casino or casino. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: That kid.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Man, once I was a $20 Bill. I'm like, I want it back, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I'll do anything back
John Reinhart: Like be mad. Why waste your money on that, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I've lost like a homepage, you know, yeah, I gotta stay away from my place.
John Reinhart: Yeah, you gotta live and learn on that you go to school.
John Reinhart: They don't have those beautiful casinos and free buffets and everything like that for nothing. Man, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: You can see. Yes.
John Reinhart: Let's see. Let's move on. We're, we're over halfway done here. What was school like for you.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: School
Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I did my score also
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I get expelled my junior high school
John Reinhart: Are complete your high school did you complete your school
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, I had gone to different have gone to sunset high. What's the alternative school
John Reinhart: Okay. So you went to like continuation or whatever. So you get your GED from them.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I got my diploma.
John Reinhart: Yeah. Nice.
John Reinhart: Okay, that's good. Did you struggle with any learning disabilities.
John Reinhart: Like dyslexia, or, you know, read
John Reinhart: Or anything like that.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I've never really read a whole book. Yeah, don't really read that book.
John Reinhart: Right you know they got they got books on tape. Now you can listen to
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: It. I can't focus slowed up to
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Just do that.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I'm more of a listener. I like to listen right here.
John Reinhart: That's what I'm thinking maybe books on tape. They got a lot of things you could
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Knock it totally do that.
But yeah
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Total visual learner. I can pick up in like if somebody shows me
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Like I pretty much got it after that.
John Reinhart: Probably be good at golf.
John Reinhart: Man, even though you know
John Reinhart: You had the left is not are you left hand or right hand.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Left here, but I lost my left, guys, so like when I tried to
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Shoot, like a shotgun or rifle or anything.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I can't do it. I can't
John Reinhart: Yeah, yeah, your left is dominated by don't not for everybody but
I mean,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Well,
John Reinhart: I'm all left hand, except I play golf for a long time right by switch to left. But, you know, as long as you got the one either right I focus on that ball and you're okay. Physically, you can still
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I i bat right here.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Oh, yeah, yeah. So
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: It was yeah you pick me on being lucky.
John Reinhart: Yeah, I think I saw you writing with your hand away in a group or something so you're left to
John Reinhart: Meet me
John Reinhart: Okay.
John Reinhart: Yeah, you're writing something down. I think it was insight timer or something.
John Reinhart: I was telling you to write this down and then listen to it, you know, for guided meditations and anxiety, depression, and it's a free app. So I think you're writing it down that day. So I say, Oh, man, you're left handed on
John Reinhart: Least five aren't remember correctly, here's, here's the next question number four. Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up either in your neighborhood family or friends.
John Reinhart: Growing up
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Boots.
John Reinhart: Yeah.
John Reinhart: Well kinda like if you saw some big killed or or if you had a
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Football game.
John Reinhart: Or something, something that stood out for you. Maybe in a ball game or whatever, growing up. Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I can name a million of them.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: TV.
John Reinhart: Yeah, let's let me let me read that. Did you ever. Okay. Now that's an extra year of serving the military.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Though, okay.
John Reinhart: This is the one for. Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up either in your neighborhood family or friends. Well, you had a good childhood, man. I mean, you were able to do pretty much what you want to, was there any kind of like
John Reinhart: Super excited
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: A lot of positive thing really
John Reinhart: A lot of positives.
John Reinhart: It's good for right now, we could elaborate you to elaborate later with, you know, be talk with a therapist down the road about some of the good times and all that.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: You know, just
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: The black sheep of the family to
John Reinhart: Where Where's Kirk at
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: My car.
John Reinhart: Oh,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Crap happened last year.
John Reinhart: Yeah tell you just gotta be. That's only be thankful for every day, man, you know and and not go back to those old ways
John Reinhart: Let's see, do you have any financial or legal issues you are concerned about
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Not thinking about found some taxes, though, about past
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Past workers.
John Reinhart: Mm hmm.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Welfare. Think about taxes.
John Reinhart: Okay, well that's not nothing major. Right now, though.
No.
John Reinhart: I guess. Yeah, I know, would be I gotta call my accountant to I'm thinking just thinking about that before we talked
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: About all week.
John Reinhart: Okay, next one is, let's see, there's a couple questions left. Are you in a relationship right now.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: No, no, she's my girlfriend password.
John Reinhart: I'm sorry that's that's traumatic stuff, man. How old was she
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Truly
John Reinhart: Kirk.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah yeah
John Reinhart: Yeah. Now, how old was she
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: She was a year older me already.
For you.
John Reinhart: Do you have any children you have you have one son right
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yep, you know, a little boy.
Awesome.
John Reinhart: Okay.
John Reinhart: Who do you live with. Do you live with anybody.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Know, just be a boy.
John Reinhart: Okay, and last question is, Did I miss anything. Can you think of anything that I might miss
Like to say
John Reinhart: Alright.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: So I'm going to work, go back
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: To work in my backyard.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Get ready for
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Think I'm going to build a greenhouse. I got a garage garage.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Yeah, portable garages and they got a
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Tough
John Reinhart: Tough boy or something or no.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I just think it being up to 10 by 20 garage portable can't, you can't. Besides, so
John Reinhart: Yeah yeah yeah
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: stead of
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: Put that on there. I'm just gonna put a piece of plastic or top college degree.
John Reinhart: Well, there you go. As long as the coach people don't come in and give you a hassle for that he did that in California and Southern Cal, did they want to be. Hey, what are you doing there, you know,
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: I'm over here.
Yeah.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: It's a completely different animal between Southern and Northern California.
John Reinhart: Tell me about it. You know, I grew up in Fairfield nap area as a kid, and I've been down here for a long time. I'm thinking about moving by itself. It's kind of crazy right now that's
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: pretty slow going
John Reinhart: Yeah.
John Reinhart: I know it's like I could see, I've been, you know, your back rearview mirror. It's a nice day out there today.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: You know the beach right there.
John Reinhart: All right. I think that's it. Kirk, so we're good to go. I
John Reinhart: Appreciate and
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: See you tomorrow.
John Reinhart: Yep. Sounds like a winner, buddy. You have a good afternoon.
SAMSUNG-SM-G920V: You too.
John Reinhart: Okay, it's 127 and ending a meeting with the bio psychosocial with Kirk, Gail. Thank you for for your transcribing. Thank you.